Now is the ninth time to talk. Nine minutes ahead of time.
The time is advanced by one minute each time the call is sought.
And put it on everyone’s forehead,
Asked several times. That uncle.
That uncle. Do you see how many times I have it on my forehead?
No. Did you calculate the magic test?
In other words, admitting that everyone is looking for words.
Only those who know what they are looking for can see the number on other people's foreheads.
People who don’t know what they are looking for can’t tell. That uncle.
There was one person who I remember saying hello to. Then here shouted.
Achievement line. Got off the bus.
Non-stop. Bo.
I want to get off.
Please open the luggage rack
I take the magnetic box
I'll get it for you
Don't move again
What are you afraid of?
how do you know
That's what I still think about
That person before
Probably not the murderer
He might jump out of Xu Hua
Not on the car
Not a murderer
Do you know why the car exploded before?
Do you have anything sharp on your body?